[[Stories]] [[Aubrey Snelling]] [[Maya Miller]] [[Canada]]
- [I] My personal classic, rewritten. Girl with a crush really wants to get with this person but in their own way of doing things (no spoilers!)

When Aubrey first understood they'd be alone for the entire weekend, a lot of things went through their head, like going out to party, copious gluttony or sleeping it all off, but for now they decided to just sit and play some games. After all, their new Aero Five, courtesy of their job, had arrived two days prior, and they needed to set things up some more and sit and enjoy a hefty upgrade from their Two. Work can wait, they thought, as playtesting and playing have very distinct atmospheres. Still, they can't help but play any game in a similar mindset now, even if no work is involved. Looking through the library, the poster child really called for them. The Aero Five had one enormous selling point, an exclusive MMO-RPG game, promising to be the most immersive experience to date, with everything being interactable, worlds being dynamic and a perfectly tuned level system, along with magic, tech and creative building, all in one package generously given for free when purchasing the device itself. Even the controller for this generation had two buttons on its back, mainly for interacting in this game, called Mars Wings, which other developers could use for some extra gimmick in their games, though they also served as volume buttons outside of Wings. Now seems like the perfect time, so cue up the, and nevermind. Somehow, such a complex game opens nearly instantly, and Aubrey now is met with the character creator menu. Turns out, the progress bar is near the bottom of the screen, and it is going quite fast. Nonetheless, the character maker is extremely detailed. Tweaking the colour of each eye, every freckle and beauty spot, even drawing tattoos, all is intuitive and easy. Aubrey goes for an alternative style with the character's makeup, and gives her beautiful blue eyes, light as a sunny winter sky, pale skin and blonde hair, unconsciously giving her a similar look to their partner Miu, feeling her absence in the heart. About half an hour later, with the character ready, Aubrey is asked to give the character a backstory. Considering the game's medieval-style setting, they can give her a distinct class and tell a different life story to what could have happened. Strangely enough, there's an option to just type in a backstory in a text field instead of choices. 