[[Stories]] [[Japan]] [[Hirano Kouta]] [[Yamada Saki]]
- [I] An act of courage turns to a life changing moment. Picked the right flowers.

"Look", his little brother says, "the leaves are falling!" Kouta looks and sure enough, the morning was quite different to the past few mornings. The light seemed more golden, dust made denser rays, and outside seemed even brighter than usual. A glimpse, four kids riding their bikes to school, seemingly in a happy mood. Just below the view of the window, an open notebook sits perfectly centered on an otherwise disorganized dresser. In it, yesterday's diary entry. 

```
I remember the first time I looked at her. Saki. It was dreamy, magical, like a scene from an anime. Tomorrow might be the day I confess, and discover what my life will be like from then on. Will I be happy, looking forward to the next day with her, thinking of where, when and how to propose, or will I learn to cope, move on and experiment, maybe become a different person entirely? It's too early to say, but everybody knows my optimism knows no bounds. And to think I started this course at the same time as her, purely out of chance. Whichever way this turns out, I need to hug my dad for coinflipping this into my life. Okay, enough rambling, today was certainly a toughie. Professor Yamada was not phased with my work, so it seems I need to rethink my structure methods. I wish she'd understand where I come from, how much beauty I see in a space not exactly meant for ease, but for admiral. Tall concrete walls, circular windows, rough-sketch layouts, not a single blurry line. Human enough, no more. Of course, thinking like this won't get me any actual job, I understand where she comes from, but surely it's not a lot to ask for her to reciprocate that. I hope I can get through to her someday, and to be honest, it seems like fun to reimagine my assignments in my own way, and keep them for myself. As long as the grades are good, I'll take it as versatility. Maybe somebody will like my own version of a building, who knows?

Good night, Diane.
Hirano Kouta
```

Aged surprisingly well, he thinks, almost saying it out loud, comparing his optimism to the blessing of the day's beauty. Grabbing his backpack, he gets to the kitchen, populated as expected. Mother barely staying awake, father heating up leftovers, brother in his latest granola bar fixation. Kouta looks around for a lighter option this morning, hoping to save his calorie budget for a date. Looking around, there are a couple decent options, there's a banana bunch on the counter, or maybe the bread on the table could serve well for a very light sandwich, maybe a smoothie? At the end, the perfect choice hits his peripheral vision, almost falling off the counter, a bowl of a random assortment of fruit. The only perfect ones left are apples and pears. An apple seems nice, he thinks, before being pushed into a conversation. 

"You look just as bright as the day outside, Kouta", Mother says with a smile seeping through the sleepy expression. "It's nice seeing you like that. What will you have? Your father left some of yesterday's soup for you. Or maybe your coffee combo?" Kouta reminisces. The coffee combo, as she says, was his choice of breakfast during high school. A cup of black coffee paired with a grilled cheese. He remembers his days of wanting to seem mysterious, though he was mostly copying *Twin Peaks* and the love the show demonstrates for some pie. He wanted a salty taste of America instead, so that was the way. I guess not much has changed, he thinks, as he considers now that he's madly in love with this girl Saki and still saying goodnight to his notebook Diane. After a second or two of feeling the warmth of such a memory, he comes back to reality. "Thank you Mother, but today I'll just have an apple. I won't tell you now, but something very good might happen today, so wish me luck." Very smooth, Kouta, very smooth. Even the father, the same father who took two months to notice he could have kissed his now-wife in the second date, catches on and gives the mom a look and a smirk. "A cliffhanger so early in the morning, son?" Father dares to say. "Need some extra money? Maybe for two?" A chuckle comes out from all three while the brother checks his phone's feed. One polite refusal later, he walks over to the bowl, and suddenly choosing an apple seems like an impossible task. Which is the least flaky, the hardest, which is in the right point between green and ripe? Surely this has nothing to do with a separate anxiety, eh? "Nah, never mind." The final choice became a banana after noticing they all looked equally good. One quick bite later, Kouta says goodbye and heads over to the college building. 

The air is beautiful, even if invisible. Light interacts in a somewhat dreamlike way, leaves seeming more vibrant than usual and shadows lighter. Walking feels easier, people feel happier and express an outward bright atmosphere. Today must be the day, he thinks, just as he notices a beautiful white cat sunbathing on a balcony, awake. The cat notices Kouta approach it, and quickly climbs down to greet him. One greeting later, the cat decides to follow Kouta a little, enjoy life and explore. Kouta, of course, was okay with having company, as today might be one of his most important days. Morning classes weren't common, and to think such a beautiful morning could have been missed, the thought saddens him a little. He shakes his head and continues, leaves falling all around him, but stops mid walk to notice a building that stood out from the rest. A small flower shop, with an older woman taking care of transactions and a beautiful wooden interior, and proudly displayed was a perfectly grown bouquet of roses, one that could make anyone's day. Kouta knew that bouquet was important somehow, it felt like the universe was telling him to buy it. Maybe it was Diane? Nonetheless, he thought to himself, "oh, what the hell", and went over to the shop, still a little shy. "Excuse me, miss, I would love to buy this perfect bouquet", he says to the older lady, and she can't help but question him. "These flowers represent a strong love for somebody. Are you ready to give that to someone, or do you want them for yourself?" Kouta was a little surprised, she seemed to really believe and asked that with a certain amount of alarm. "I want to confess to somebody", he says while blushing a lot. It seems the woman understood she was dealing with a future couple, her smile saying it all. "Good. It's good to know what you want" was all that she said after that, raising her hand just after. Kouta places two hundred yen on her palm, and slowly takes hold of the bouquet, handling it with great care. The woman gave Kouta one last smile, and walked further into the shop to place the money in a jar. Kouta excitedly walked away, just a block from the college now. 

A freaking Tuesday, and people are happy? This must be some sort of lucid dream, he thinks, but reality quickly proves him wrong as he sees her, sitting on a bench before class, enjoying the sun and reading a book, as beautiful as can be. Is now the time? She seems relaxed and doesn't seem to be busy with anything important. Kouta sits beside her, and gives her a friendly greeting. "What a wonderful day, isn't it, Kouta", she says, truly seeming very happy to just be alive. "It is, Saki, truly. What's that book that complements the day so well?" Saki turns the cover over for Kouta to see, and his expression says all. "No way, that's my favorite book! How far are you into it?" Usually someone might say those words because they want to chat someone up, but no, these were genuine words. Kouta quickly reminisced about his first time reading *House of Leaves*, how utterly speechless he was during and after, and how much the whole work resonated with his perception of reality, how it felt to him like impossible physical spaces almost exist, but some small barrier blocks them. Not the more naughty parts, though. Saki's next words are even more magical. "It's my third time reading it through." Kouta thought about proposing right then and there, but preferred to wait a little for that, and talk about the elephant in the room. "Wow. You're the one. I was walking here and saw this beautiful flower shop, look what I got" he says quite proud of his choice, and displays the bouquet in a friendly way, but one that could quickly turn in another direction. The roses pointed towards her to smell them, but the hands also signaled that they were hers to take. She rightfully asks, are you showing them or giving them to me. Kouta didn't want to seem desperate or literally any other bad adjective, so he tried to talk it out. "You've made my day. I'd love to talk more about *House of Leaves* with you, and other things too." Saki smiles, hesitates a little while thinking, and eventually does take hold of the bouquet. "They're perfect... Um, Can we go to this flower shop after? I want to see what else they have." Kouta really liked the wording there, as she could've easily asked him where the shop was, or if he could take her there, but instead she asked if they could go together. "Absolutely" was all he could confidently say for now. At this point in time, both of them feel something, an air of joy, ease, peace. And both of them are a little shy, so a little lull happens in the interaction, and so Kouta decides to go a little further. "We should, uh, get to class, right?" A little mutual chuckle later, and they're walking together. It was somewhat involuntary, like second nature, for them both. Sure, they've been acquaintances and classmates, but today seems special, very special.

Assigned seats didn't really exist in such a small town, but what did exist was a dedicated professor who got to the classroom early, always, without fail. A landmark of his classes was him always getting the exact amount of desks for each student, and no more, no less, so he would know if somebody skipped. He knew all their names and souls anyway, so he would notice even the slightest minutiae of a student's behavior. "Dedicated guy, Professor Jones. How did he even end up here, how did he find us on a map, even? Dude's American" Saki says, and Kouta felt a chill. "Did you know I was thinking about that just now", he asks, genuinely scared of the answer. "Well, we are walking to his class after all. Maybe we're in the same wavelength, though." Kouta thinks he's dreaming at this point, Saki seems too friendly this time around. Diane will have a lot to hear later. Still, Kouta can't help but laugh at himself, he's always in his head and never in real life. Other people can think, and especially something so logical to think about during this walk, he felt a little silly that he got so intimidated. Right in front of the architecture wing, past the separator, is a fountain, a new one. Its sculpture was not the usual old person or building recreation, it was a group of joined cubes. These joins were magnificent, a mixture of boolean cuts and extrusions, something seemingly impossible if it were a livable building. It mesmerized them both, but Kouta didn't notice it in Saki just yet. Nonetheless, this was a somewhat short moment, as they barely stopped their walk to admire the new structure, and walked into the building.

Professor Jones was the first person they saw entering the building. He was also the first person the whole day that didn't seem to be having the greatest time. Kouta and Saki both got that. He did talk to them, though. "Hey guys, I'll be in the classroom in just a minute. Something came up." Jones then half-ran outside, with a worried, hurried face. As they get to the classroom, they give each other a look. It's hard to describe it, perhaps one of interest, mixed with an attempt at being non-invasive, playing it safe. Still, they choose to sit beside each other this time. And this time around, it's Saki that has a confession. "Look, Kouta, I think it's best you know. My mom has been fascinated by your work, and I did also peek, and needless to say I'm absolutely mesmerized. Just... Keep doing what you're doing, even if it's not what's asked here. You're a genius." What? How, when, why? So many questions arose from that sentence, and none of them were easy. Where to begin? "Thank you... I didn't know you liked my work. And I think you should know too, it just clicked that you and her are the same Yamada." After a blushed chuckle from Kouta, Saki seems surprised. "We have a lot to find out about each other, huh." Kouta nods, and his face is one of even more surprise, as he notices Saki's face becoming increasingly close to his, blushing and looking away, then at him, then away again. It's clear now, there is something in the air, and not just the wonderful smell of Kouta's (Saki's?) roses. Professor Jones comes back a lot more cheerful. "False alarm!" he proclaims, proud as a father. As he walks to his desk, some low chatter can be heard, and it wondered the same as Kouta and Saki, what was he talking about. "Nevermind that, guys. Today is *Blender* day, so let's get to work. I see none of you are missing, good. We're beginning a new subject today, so let's focus up and get our hands dirty." Sure enough, all students remove a laptop from their bags and turn them on, and quickly open up the program in a new project. Jones introduces a simpler concept, boolean operations, before getting more complex. 